Allow multi-user AUTH (#1881)
nostr-protocol/nips: 42.md

["AUTH", <signed-event-json>]
```

> Clients MAY provide signed events from all logged-in users in a sequence of `AUTH` messages. Relays MUST consider the client is blending the feeds of all users in one screen and reply accordingly.

Reviewer: That second sentence is talking about a conscious relay? I'd word it more functional.

```suggestion
Clients MAY provide signed events from multiple pubkeys in a sequence of `AUTH` messages. Relays MUST treat all pubkeys as authenticated accordingly.
```
